## Visualizer ##

### Goal ###

Provide a Web based interface to ParaView.

## Installation

```
$ npm install -g pvw-visualizer
```

After installing the package you will get one executable **Visualizer** with
the following set of options.

```
$ Visualizer

  Usage: Visualizer [options]

  Options:

    -h, --help                       output usage information
    -V, --version                    output the version number
    -p, --port [8080]                Start web server with given port
    -d, --data [directory/http]      Data directory to serve
    -s, --server-only                Do not open the web browser

    --paraview [path]                Provide the ParaView root path to use
```

## Development

To start developing pvw-visualizer, first set up tonic by executing the following commands:

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/Kitware/tonic.git
$ cd tonic
$ npm run global
$ npm install
$ cd tonic-applications/visualizer
```

To set up the dependencies for visualizer run the following.  
Note that this must be re-run every time the dependencies for visualizer are modified.

```sh
$ npm install
```

When first setting up visualizer for development, it may be helpful to have npm
install a symlink to the latest version that can be executed from the command line
in the folder (presumably in the path) where npm is located.  To do this run:

```sh
$ npm link
```

Now make changes and see what happens.  If you have changed the python code
that runs on the paraview server side, you will have to re-run the Visualizer
executable that is generated by `npm link`.  If you have changed the JavaScript
code, running the following command and refreshing the page should be sufficient.

```sh
$ npm run build
```

Before you commit, please run:
```sh
$ npm run build:release
```
This creates a minified version of the visualizer JavaScript code in dist/Visualizer.js
which should be added to your commit.

## Documentation

See the [documentation](https://kitware.github.io/visualizer) for a
getting started guide, advanced documentation, and API descriptions.

#### Licensing

**visualizer** aka ParaViewWeb:Visualizer is licensed under [BSD Clause 3](LICENSE).

#### Getting Involved

Fork our repository and do great things. At [Kitware](http://www.kitware.com),
we've been contributing to open-source software for 15 years and counting, and
want to make **visualizer** useful to as many people as possible.
